Data file documentation:  
Each data file contains 3 comma separated columns. The first column expresses the number of buckets used (also represents cores used for parallel program). The second column represents the number of data items in the array. The third column represents the execution time in seconds of the program. This project contains three data files listed for reference. The max.dat file lists the times used for determining the point at which the bucket sort takes 5 minutes to execute sequentially. The seq.dat lists data set resulting from testing the sequential bucket sort across bucket sizes ranging from 2 to 32, going up to the max array size listed in max.dat for execution with each size bucket. The par.dat expresses the same values found in seq.dat, except the execution times are with respect to the parallel version of the bucket sort.
___  
Compiling and Running Code:  
In order to compile the code, either the command 'make PA3Seq' or 'make PA3Par' must be run to create an executable for the sequential bucket sort or parallel bucket sort respectively. After both executables are created, to run the executables, the command 'sbatch seqSort.sh' or sbatch 'parSort.sh' must be run to execute the sequential/parallel sort executables respectively.  
___  
Modifying batch file parameters:  
The batch file executes the executables with command arguments so that different array sizes and bucket sizes can be accomodated. For the sequential executable, in the seqSort.sh file, the first argument corresponds to the number of buckets, whereas the second argument corresponds to the maximum array size the program executes up to. For the parallel executable, in the file parSort.sh, the only argument used corresponds to the maximum array size the program executes up to.