Data file documentation:  
Data Files not included for this submission
___  
Compiling and Running Code:  
In order to compile the code, either the command 'make PA4Seq' or 'make PA4Par' must be run to create an executable for the sequential matrix multiplication or parallel matrix multiplication respectively. After both executables are created, to run the executables, the command 'sbatch seqMat.sh' or sbatch 'parMat.sh' must be run to execute the sequential/parallel sort executables respectively.  
___  
Modifying batch file parameters:  
The batch file executes the executables with command arguments so that different matrix sizes and sub sizes can be accomodated. Each batch file parMat.sh and seqMat.sh takes in 2 additional arguments, referring to max_size and sub_size respectively. max_size represents the largest sized matrix the program uses for matrix multiplication. sub_size denotes the number of smaller iterations the matrix multiplication program executes up to. For instance, executing seqMat.sh with the command 'srun PA4Seq 5000 5' executes matrix multiplication on matrix sizes 1000, 2000, 3000, 4000, and 5000.  
  
For both programs, additional parameters can be specified after the 2nd argument in the batch file. Parameters 3 and 4 can be used to specify input files containing matrices A and B respectively. Parameter 5 is a boolean variable that states whether the matrix results should be printed to file. If the user wants to see input for input that is not file specified, specify files that do not exist in the directory for parameters 3 and 4 and specify parameter 5 as normal. The sequential program output will write to the same file as the timings. Since the results are on separate nodes for the parallel implementation, each node will write its results to its own file. 

On the parallel output for example, if three nodes performed computation, node 1 will produce a file with the first set of rows from the result matrix, node 2 will produce a file with the second set of rows, and node 0 will produce the last set of rows from resultant matrix. Each file is named with respect to its taskid in the form ans(taskid).dat, where taskid is the process id of the task creating the file.